The House
[Music]
How is this a belt of fire? Take care
[Music] He is
all
bombed in his house because there is nothing. This means that he does not
speak or respond and does not have any faction. I mean, in the bombing of the house, I
mean, I do not know what to do. I cleared the
house. What are we worth to God? He wants us to overcome
and suffer like this.  And the Jews
[Music]
[Music] are
oppressors
[Music]
They are the ones who lacked the house because of the bombing on me so much. I
mean, he is still defeated and does not speak, and it does not mean that his
house was bombed. I mean, he does not have
enough money to rebuild his house and build a new house. I mean, his
house was destroyed and more.  A destroyed house in
our building. I talk to you. I talk to him. I talk to him. He
tells me, O Lord, end the war. Say, O Lord, long
live you.
[Music] [
Music] [
Applause]
[Music]
God.
Make to subscribe to the channel to get the
latest news from Al
Jazeera.